[MM-133] Added a feature of restricting bot messages to private channels and DM/GMs (#337)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom: README.md

  * Select the **Regenerate** button next to the field **At Rest Token Encryption Key**.
* If you are using Webhooks or Deauthorization, make sure you select the **Regenerate** button on **Webhook Secret** field. Then set the **Zoom Webhook Secret** from the features page in your Zoom app.
* Select **Save**.

> * Enable the **Restrict User Posting** configuration to restrict user posting meeting links to only DM/GM and private channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable the **Restrict Meeting Creation** configuration to restrict users from creating meetings in public channels```

Once enabled, selecting the video icon in a Mattermost channel invites team members to join a Zoom call, hosted using the credentials of the user who initiated the call.

### Slash commands

> - `/zoom connect` :- This is used to connect your Mattermost account to your Zoom account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/zoom connect` :- To connect your Mattermost account to your Zoom account.
```

- `/zoom disconnect` :- This is used to disconnect your Mattermost account from your Zoom account.

- `/zoom start [meeting topic]` :- This is used to start a Zoom meeting with the provided meeting topic.

- `/zoom settings` :- This is used to update Zoom meeting settings.

- `/zoom help` :- This is used to show help text for all the commands.

> ### System admins only  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### System admins only  
```

### Slash commands

- `/zoom connect` :- To connect your Mattermost account to your Zoom account.

- `/zoom disconnect` :- To disconnect your Mattermost account from your Zoom account.

- `/zoom start [meeting topic]` :- To start a Zoom meeting with the provided meeting topic.

- `/zoom settings` :- To update Zoom meeting settings.

- `/zoom help` :- To show help text for all the commands.

##### System admins only  

> - `/zoom channel-settings` :- To update channel preferences to restrict user posting meetings to the current channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/zoom channel-settings` :- To update channel preferences to restrict users from creating meetings in the current channel.
```
